Update configure-landscape-client.md (#52)
canonical/landscape-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/landscape-installation-and-set-up/configure-landscape-client.md

sudo landscape-config --account-name={LANDSCAPE_ACCOUNT_NAME} --computer-title={COMPUTER_TITLE} --registration-key={KEY}
```

(howto-heading-repository-configuration-enforcement)=

> ## Repository configuration enforcement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Control repository configurations
```
Thoughts? I'd rather it starts with a verb, but I'm open to other rewordings

> By default, when a Repository Profile is applied to a machine, it enforces the `/etc/sources.list` configuration on the Ubuntu instance to match exactly what is specified in Landscape Server. The Repository Profile configurations are applied once, and are not validated on an ongoing basis. Instead of replacing repository configurations in /etc/sources.list, Landscape Client can append the additional repository configurations defined the Repository Profile, if the `manage_sources_list_d` configuration in `/etc/landscape/client.conf` is set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when a repository profile is applied to a machine, Landscape enforces the exact `/etc/apt/sources.list` configuration as defined in the profile. This configuration is applied once when the profile is applied, and is not revalidated or enforced on an ongoing basis. 

If you want Landscape to append the repository configurations instead of replacing the existing ones in `/etc/apt/sources.list`, you can configure Landscape to use `/etc/apt/sources.list.d` instead by setting the `manage_sources_list_d` configuration in `/etc/landscape/client.conf` to false.
```

1. I've changed the paths to have `apt` - is this correct? (I found this in the [repository management API guide](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/landscape/how-to-guides/repository-mirrors/manage-repositories-with-the-api/#add-pockets-to-the-repository-profile))
2. Is this meaning still accurate? I've mostly changed the second part because I didn't think it was clear what was actually happening when the configuration is set to false. But I'm not totally sure that I've understood what happens here correctly

Reviewer 2: when the `manage_sources_list_d` configuration is set to false, Landscape Client will not modify the configuration in /etc/apt/sources.list.d

maybe:
```
If you do not want Landscape to delete the repository configurations in `/etc/apt/sources.list.d`, you can configure Landscape Client to only modify `/etc/apt/sources.list` instead by setting the `manage_sources_list_d` configuration in `/etc/landscape/client.conf` to false.
```

Reviewer: Thanks Justin! So @rajannpatel the bottom part could be what he suggested instead

Reviewer: @rajannpatel The last paragraph should be Justin's suggestion though - not the one I originally posted
